okay so the next task is to review and
adjust your bids if applicable so if
you're using manual bidding you can
adjust your bids at the keyword level if
you're using automated bidding though
this becomes a little bit more nebulous
and I'll show you what that looks like
here so if you're using automated
bidding you have to bear in mind that
depending on the bid strategy you're
using you may or may not have to adjust
your bids so for example if you're using
Max conversions then there is no bid to
adjust and with these automated bid
strategies Google is setting your bids
for you so this step is becoming less
and less relevant and helpful but one
thing I want to stress in this video is
if you are using automated bidding there
usually is some sort of bid Factor so
for example if I'm using maximized
Clicks in this instance for this new
campaign trying to acrew as much data as
we can this is a Max bid limit that was
set so that way we don't spend over this
threshold if after reviewing this
campaign I understand and I realize oh
wait a second we're not actually showing
up as often as I'd like we have a high
search loss to rank despite a good
quality score then I know my bid is
probably factoring me um my performance
and and hurting my reach so in this case
I'm going to want to up update this uh
cap here to make sure that I'm actually
showing up aggressively and I'm beating
the competitors now if I was using
something like Target CPA then it would
just be the target CPA limit so just
making sure depending on your bid
strategy and there's a a whole host of
them here that you can see you're going
to want to make sure you choose the
corresponding bid limit so for example
if I uh set a Target C cost per action I
want to make sure I come in here and I
review this so again may or may not be
applicable to you but it is important to
know even if you are using automated bid
strategies if there is some sort of bid
restriction some sort of cap associated
with it you are going to want to make
sure that your campaign is getting good
visibility so when you look at your
campaign you want to make sure that
you're seeing a good impression share
relative to your search loss to rank so
in this case I can see I've got an 84%
search loss to rank for this campaign
and only a 15% search impression share
so that tells me um and in this case
with this campaign the quality scores
are quite well so that tells me that my
bidding might be a factor here another
thing to note as well is if you just
launched a new campaign give it time to
go through the learning period because
if you don't and then you you make the
change too soon uh you could be
optimizing to a false positive so I
usually let new campaigns launch let the
bid strategy learn go through that
learning phase and then from there if I
still notice a higher search loss to
rank despite good quality scores then I
understand there's probably a bid
restriction here and I need to make some
adjustments to my cap